# Environment Variables: How to Configure Your Node

The following environment variables should be provided:

<table><thead><tr><th width="260.3333333333333">Variable</th><th>Value</th><th>Function</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>LOCAL_NODE_ID</code></td><td>address:port</td><td>Local node name for logging. Should ideally match the value of <code>peer-responder-id</code> as provided to consensus-service.</td></tr><tr><td><code>NODE_LEDGER_DIR</code></td><td>Path to ledger</td><td>The location of the ledger. We suggest that this should be persistently stored outside the container and mounted in. On startup, if the contents of <code>NODE_LEDGER_DIR</code> are empty, then the origin block from within the container should be copied into the <code>NODE_LEDGER_DIR</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>CONSENSUS_ADMIN_URI</code></td><td>URI</td><td>The URI for the admin http service which provides a management panel to the consensus service. The gateway is started in the container and is set to listen via this environment variable. Used by mc-admin-http-gateway.</td></tr><tr><td><code>AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID</code></td><td>AWS Credential</td><td>Should have write access to your S3 ledger archive bucket. Used by ledger-distribution.</td></tr><tr><td><code>AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY</code></td><td>AWS Credential</td><td>Should have write access to your S3 ledger archive bucket. Used by ledger-distribution.</td></tr><tr><td><code>AWS_PATH</code></td><td>S3 URL</td><td>The S3 location of your S3 ledger archive bucket. Used by ledger-distribution.</td></tr><tr><td><code>SGX_MODE</code></td><td>HW or SW</td><td>Indicates whether to run with SGX in hardware or simulation mode. (Should be HW). Used by consensus-service.</td></tr><tr><td><code>IAS_MODE</code></td><td>PROD or DEV</td><td>Indicates whether to hit the Intel Attestation Service’s prod or dev endpoint. (Should be PROD). Used by consensus-service.</td></tr><tr><td><code>RUST_LOG</code></td><td>info, debug, trace</td><td>Sets the log level. Can also be tuned per specific rust crate. See <a href="https://docs.rs/env_logger/0.7.1/env_logger/">env_logger</a>. Used by ledger-distribution and consensus-service.</td></tr><tr><td><code>RUST_BACKTRACE</code></td><td>full, 1, 0</td><td>Indicates how much detail to provide in the backtrace in the event of a panic. Used by ledger-distribution and consensus-service.</td></tr></tbody></table>
